hello people future meningitis in more
a video this time we are here with the
beginning of the series that I'm going to show
you the legendary weapons of the boat
Irish U2 in some games that make
but not very br
then vote here to take the place
them and we'll start with the DB and it 's very
good for killing several enemies and for
catch him we'll go soon
will have some information about the mission of
enemy where you want to team on the screen and you
You will want that building is very simple.
facilitated enough to form because
several enemies at the end of the game will
need
take your car can get out is this button
which is a kind of elevator of him the
enemy that we are going to inform the defendant
christi it 's pretty easy to kill then
I'm using pv ac
but even without rooney has orange
any with tb status it has few
capacity he has a region people
very good and a very high law
just the bi and he business every time
that it is full and will average
45 thousand damage
depending on your shield will be less
or more
so just have it in full and it will
give a lot more to talk use network
border bosses everything will use baby and
Here I am going to give a demonstration of it.
I'm here to kill normal people who do not
it is his function because being that he has
little capacity is basically you will
get shot
basically you'll miss it already
You will have to hide
so for that kind of thing that is
killing a lot of weak enemies is not
the best thing to use the technical and
recommend anyone else
oo black hall Chechen which is a great
shield one of the best and beauty
Now I'm going to take some time out for you.
see how it is when I told you
they will see that I can kill him he dilates
it's going to take a little bit - just that I 'm going
have the freedom to get close to
them to work also to do everything
What I want is basically this
I 'll kill some people there, but some will
for demonstration how so I , too
that you have a support in this
series because only to strengthen the
community because it does not appear much
here in the brown river beyond Brazil
two hope that we can increase
she is that personal is more